Understand me for better or for worse it may
look better or worse on you it is more balanced
or less it is more such but it is that it has not
trembled well at times Yes but
when he has had to throw it he has
thrown it eh I go or not we have seen
television moments between them that
go that were for history and now
something that will make you very envious
of Alba too I don't think so yes yes yes attentive
eh
Good Sunday morning I am already traveling I am
going to Atocha that I have to catch a
train with two women who are a
spectacle in Yes but In addition we are going to
see a spectacle let's go actually I am
going to see it
she is going to do it
[Music]
but lady where are you going
But where are we going to go Well well
then to spend the day not to
spend Sunday
I love it
How beautiful
please
come
palo santo Come closer so that the spectators can see well
what we are taking away the
energy I am very much a palo santo yes And
then I have always done very well
that you cannot say
Well well then She is enjoying her
company with her friend Rosa Carrasco
first time I have to say eh first
time that the  I see them together
first of all have you seen
Rocío and Alba Yes at her wedding at
Rocío's and
yes they had get-togethers of those I spoke with
them Not long ago Well a while ago and
If ever more a while ago I can't tell you
but yes I have the image of her and
I a couple of times that I met with Alba it's that she
has always spoken well of Rocío
about Fidel the truth is I have all the
opinion she knows it too but that's it yes yes yes yes
Hey well we are here
and she went this weekend to see her
play I hope she
liked it we'll ask her someday
Hey it seems good to me Do you think Alba
will end up on gossip TV
[Laughter]
[Music]
Alba will end up here right with us let's
see
I can propose it to her we can
send her a WhatsApp Okay now Of course
now she is still in Pamplona now let's see
if she is online also now she is with
my friend let's
see Tell her that Javi says if you
come over Let's see wait and see if she is
online this is nocturnal eh are
you coming over here or what Yeah
yes of course to  see I'm going to say Let's see wait wait
Alba let's see if she's online I'll write to her
okay
my goodness our last conversation no she
's not online if she is
online I would write it but no no another one for
the next one I'll write it for the next
live I'll write it okay okay Yes
maybe it can end up in telesalseo and it's
an option you go collecting all the
victims for no
Well what did you think of my exclusive
today well some have already made it
theirs I love it I love how
television works it's brutal brutal well at
parties yes they have given you credit no because it
said exclusive party but then so
grateful they told me they told me Yes yes yes
Well yes yes it's true that they have
put the screen on my Twitter and such and
Emma So she said it but well
Then yes it's true that I've seen
colleagues who already as if it's a given that it
's from the program in fact I have
seen the news and it seems that it's
like from the program and such anyway But
let's go it doesn't surprise me because I know how
people act in general and it's a bit like that I
mean it doesn't even affect me anymore before it did
affect me  But well that's it I suppose that
each one is not each one it is the same now
we will have
yes it is true that this afternoon the
daughter in law of Carmen Borrego and was admitted this
afternoon to the hospital of La Paz in
Madrid to
give birth to her third child that is killing me
on Twitter but her
first child together with Jose Maria the
son of Carmen Borrego So what is
happening they said in the program
that Carmen Borrego had found out through
the program through the tweet through this and it
is not like that Carmen Borrego at around two
in the afternoon was aware she received
several calls and when they called her
and she said that she was already aware, I
mean today she was informed by those around her
not directly by her son which is
strong but by her environment as far as
I know today she has not gone to the hospital tomorrow
obviously this will be the monothematic of
sálvame tomorrow and all week they are not going to
give credit because they are not going to give credit they are
going to make it all theirs I don't care
exactly because they work like this
and now we will see
Carmen Borrego's movements
and
we will see exclusive we will see some way  to make it
profitable or will it go more days save me
for sure obviously. So it makes me
very sad because in the end
the relationship between Madrid said that for
me It should be the most important thing, she
has ruined it, I think that she although it
is true that I am what I was saying
before that when I was alive the life
that José Carlos Carmen Borrego's son
worked there that he is charming
charming what was said behind
the scenes I don't know, I don't
know her it's that she kind of
manipulated him, she had him a little bit annulled
manipulated and in fact they gave them two
news programs a little bit
that's what was said I don't know and I'm not
going to judge it I'm learning
So that's a bit of the story and
Carmen Borrego Even in private he
blames her a little bit that she gives it like
many stories it usually happens a lot
Well yes but well
the truth is that later it is true that
Carmen I think she has let her
mouth go a little bit on more than one occasion
talking too much about the son who wants to
remain anonymous Although later it is
true that she appears on the front page on
her wedding day it is all a bit strange  So
the Camposes, how do they make the most of everything,
then they have to assume the
consequences and I know that Carmen has
had a bad time because she has been killed, not that she has been
killed, but that he will lose his
son, well obviously it is not
pleasant so let's see how she handles it now.
No, that is going to be a bit of
what we will have to see so nothing
What do you think it
seems like a tremendous fantasy and I am
going to go tomorrow of course Well maybe
tomorrow to the hospital not
for not riding no no no Of course No
her something something tomorrow is Monday
magazine closing day let's
see no matter how much she has a bad feeling
about the son in the end you are going to sleep
knowing that they have been your first grandson
totally and you are not going to get to know him
because of this argument
there too I think that she must feel
sorry in the end it is what you say that her
first grandson there will not be a rapprochement it
is not something so so so serious and that we have to
know how to separate I think there is no that it is that he is
your grandson no matter how much you have those
quarrels he is your grandson yes neither is
Rivera but it is that they are your granddaughters it is that
gosh but the problem between Kiko Rivera
and his mother and so it has become much more
seriously I mean and they
are your granddaughters that you have stopped having
contact with her Only because
you do not have a relationship with your son and your
daughter-in-law they are your granddaughters very little If you do not
have one I do not care if you do not have a
relationship with your son in the end you are going to
lose contact with your grandchildren but
that is that is how it is like when it happens
on the contrary no Marina what do you think
Antonio David's job was to
criticize his ex-wife of 20 years
Mike Marina Mike Mike let's see also I
think that people are very exaggerated
for 20 years yes it is true that
Antonio David started on television
by talking about Rocío damn it and about and for
being the partner of Rocío Carrasco and the
son-in-law of Rocío Jurado but yes it is
true that I think that over the
years Antonio has created an entity
as a character and I believe and I have
always said that as a television personality and
as a collaborator he has been very good at what he does he
handles silences very well he
handles timing very well and I think that
is his thing he is very good obviously he
speaks badly of Rocío Carrasco just
like  All those who are speaking badly of
everyone, that's why we're going to, it's
not that I see it. At the same level as
everyone who is on that program. In
fact, Antonio David would have continued
there because they fired him, but if he
had continued there, he would have continued
acting the same as them. So,
neither that bad nor that good nor, I don't know.